---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

We're sticking with BERT and DistilBERT for the time being and looking for ways to improve our results while we integrate our model with the rest of the system. This week I did some research on UI design for intelligent agents and made some headway in learning Tensorflow. 

One review article I read categorized elements of human-AI relationships into three categories: relational, social, and functional elements. Relational elements include outcomes related to the quality of the social bond between users and IAs, such as likeability, engagement, perceived closeness, and trust, which is particularly emphasized as a central variable in IA research. Social elements include variables related to the social aspects of human-IA interactions, such as perceived humanness and social presence. Functional elements include variables related to productivity and usability perceptions, like perceived ease of use, perceived usefulness, quality of interaction, and satisfaction. This seems like a useful framework to keep in mind as we're thinking about interface and intervention design, because there are a lot of moving parts in this project. 

The article also categorized the independent variables that impact human-ai relationships:

Auditory: This category includes voice qualities and characteristics such as gender, pitch, and tone.

Interaction: This category refers to the structural representation of the interaction, including communication mode (e.g., chat or voice interfaces) and turn-taking mechanisms.

Invisible: This category covers elements that are not directly visible, including chronemics (timing in conversation), intelligence, personality traits, and haptics (tactile sensations).

Visual: This category includes design elements related to appearance, embodiment, body movements (kinesics), computer-mediated communication (CMC), and entrainment (adjustment of visual elements to the user).

Verbal: This category encompasses design elements expressed through words, including conversation style, content, and adaptivity.

The researchers found that verbal elements have a strong impact on functional elements, which makes sense. Auditory elements were found to have a detrimental impact on social elements. Interestingly, interaction design elements had only limited evidence of their influence on relational and social elements. 